Follow that.
Hallelujah.
Are you blessed to be in the house of God?
Do you feel excited?
Do you feel energized?
Amen.
We've come to the most important part of the service.
And faith comes by hearing.
And hearing comes by the Word of God.
And so whatever you hear today is going to Beth and you are faith.
And the Bible says, with faith you can move any mountain with a little seed faith, you can move any mountain.
So whatever mountain is in your life today, by the power of the word of God, is falling down and tumbling down in front of you.
Amen.
Your life will not be changed by the film stars, maybe not, maybe not by the choir, and maybe not by anything else.
But when the word of God is preached, your life will never be the same again.
And so once again, right here in Medina, Acra, Ghana, we are blessed to have my favorite preacher, my favorite man of God.
To me, the greatest anointing on the earth today, my father and your father, the prophet of our time, the anointed man of God.
Is there anything to have for God?
Is there anything to have for me?
Then put your trust in God alone and rest apart His work for everything, for everything.
Give me a waving and shout the praise.
And sing it to the top of your voice.
Nothing.
Nothing stars, are you ready for the word of God?
Nothing is impossible.
Nothing is impossible when you're trusting.
Can't stars, are you ready for what God has for you?
I'll give to the voice of God today.
All the gentlemen in the house, are you ready for what God has for you?
Father, thank you for guiding us this day.
by your mighty word.
Everyone here who is harassed and frustrated will be set free by your word.
In the name of Jesus, thank you for your mighty presence that is leading us today.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
Whatever problem you came with, that problem is cast and is going out of your hand.
In Jesus' name, amen.
You may be seated.
Why few are chosen?
Part four.
All right.
Now, Matthew 22, verse 14.
This is a short one and I will continue with you in revival.
Many are called, but
few are chosen.
Amen.
Now, to answer the question why many are called but few are chosen, we need to look in the Bible to see where there were many and then they became few.
Is it not true?
And when we are able to see from the Bible,
Some people who were many, then they became few.
Then we can understand why they became few.
So we've already done that three times.
And can you believe we are going to do it yet another time?
Why few end up being chosen?
Amen.
So this is a short Bible message.
And we can see
Another amazing example of why few are chosen from Numbest Chapter 13.
Twelve spies who became two spies.
Remember there were twelve spies and the end two were chosen.
Ten were eliminated and they became two.
Why?
Number 13, verse one.
And the Lord speak unto Moses, saying, send out men that they missatch the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel, of every tribe of their fathers shall you send a man, everyone a ruler among them.
And Moses, by the commandment of the Lord, send them out from the wilderness.
All those men were heads of the children of Israel.
These were their names of the tribe of Simeon, Shafat, son of Hori, of the tribe of Judah, Caleb, the son of Japunim.
You see, you don't know the names of the spies.
Only two names you know, Joshua and Caleb.
Now, Igao, son of Joseph,
Verse 8 of the tribe of Ephraim, Osha.
No, that's the son of Nang.
So your son name is the son of this person.
Tribe of Benjamin, Palti, the son of Rafu.
So don't call your son Palti.
Unless he becomes one of the 10 spies who are not chosen.
Then Gadiel, son of Sodi.
Then Gadiel, the son of Susi.
Hey, Susie.
And Amil, the son of Gamali, Vastetin, Sethar, the son of Michael, Nabi, the son of Wopsie, and of the tribe of God, Gail, the son of Machi.
These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the lander.
Amen.
And Moses called Oshia, the son of
None, Jehoshia, Yahushua.
And Moses sent them to spy out the land and send them go, okay?
And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwell in, whether they are weak, strong, few or many, what the land is that they dwell in, whether it is good or bad, and what cities they be, hear that dwell in them, whether in tents or in strongholds.
And what the land is, whether I be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein or not, and be of good courage and bring of the fruit of the land.
Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes.
So they went up and searched the land from the wilderness of Zinn and to Rehope as men came to Hamath.
And they are centered by the south, okay?
Now, verse 23, they came by the brook and they cut
one cluster of grapes and berries, and the place of the book was called Escal.
All right, 25.
They returned from searching the land after 40 days.
Amazing.
And they went and came to Moses and to the congregation of Israel and brought them back the word and showed them the fruit of the land.
Verse 27.
Are you with me?
All right.
And they told him, we came to the land.
That thou sent us.
It flows with milk and honey, for sure.
This is the fruit of it.
Nevertheless, the people are strong.
That dwell in the land and the cities are walled, very great.
Moreover, we saw the children of Amak and the Malachites, dwell in the land, the Hittites, the Jebusites, the Amorites.
They dwell in the mountains and the Canaanites, dwell by the sea, by the coast of Jordan.
And Caleb still the people said,
Let us go up at once.
Stop mentioning the problems.
What were the problems he was mentioning?
He tights.
Jabusa, is it each group is a problem?
The land you are in is occupied by somebody.
Amen?
Are you there?
Yes.
Amorites.
dwell in the mountains.
Canaanites, dwell by the sea, by the coast of Jordan.
Caleb's still the people.
Shh.
But the men that went up with him said, we be not able, we are not able, they are stronger than us.
Be practical, be realistic.
And they brought up an evil report of the land, which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying the land through which we have come to set.
It is a land that eateth of the inhabitants.
and all the people that we saw in it are men of great stature.
And there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, which came of the giants, and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers.
So we were in their sight.
Chapter 14, number 13 and 14, verse one.
Now, all the congregation lifted up their voice and cried, and the people wept that night.
and all the children of Israel membered against Moses and against Aaron and the whole congregation said unto them, would God we have died in the land of Egypt?
Would God we have died in this wilderness?
Wherefore has the Lord brought us into this land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be a prey?
Would it not have been better for us to return to Egypt?
And they said one to another, let us make a captain and let us return to Egypt.
Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces all before the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel.
Can you imagine what Moses must have felt like?
The people were actually having a coup.
Let's have a new head of state.
Let's have a new election.
Let's reorganize.
We don't want this man as our leader.
Yeah.
Now Moses and Aaron fell on their face and the sixth
And Joshua, the son of Nan and Caleb, the son of Jafunah, which were of them that sesh the land, rent their clothes.
And they speak unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, the land which we pass through to sesh it is as an exceeding good land.
If the Lord delight in us, then He will bring us into this land.
and give it to us.
Only rebel not against the Lord, neither fear you the people of the land, for they are bred for us, and their defense is departed from them, and the Lord is with us.
Fear them not.
But the congregation based on them, we stole them.
We wanted to steal Joshua and Caleb.
Just a little point here.
You know?
We can always tell whose side you are on by those who are angry with you.
If you are angry with me and you are also angry with this one and with that one, then this one and that one are on my side.
And you are not.
Do you understand?
Moses was in danger of losing his presidency.
And Joshua and Caleb were in danger of losing their heads.
Whenever you go to work in an organization, choose to be on the heads side.
Don't choose a rebellious sub-head and join sides with that person and memo against the head because you back the wrong horse.
When you back the wrong horse, you lose all your money.
And when the one you think you are backing turns out to be a bed of another fed up.
Now, the glory of the Lord appeared and the Lord said unto Moses, how long will this people provoke me?
How long will it be before they believe me?
By the way, this is after all the plagues walking through the Red Sea and all that has happened.
It doesn't kill rebellion.
You know, there are two stories that people told me that always stay with me.
One was somebody being very some way to Benihin.
One day I was in Orlando and I asked the person, why did Benihin leave Orlando?
They said, look, he could come to church on Sunday morning and there'll be a banner.
A lot of people at the gate of the church
We hate you.
Go away.
We don't like you.
This and that.
I said, well, no matter how I'm going to tell you are, there are rebellious people who are ready to be rebellious.
So don't think that because somebody's anointed, people cannot be somewhere.
And another story that I had, I don't know if you survived, but I always assumed that it's true.
Somebody who told, I wish of either Hosa before he died, told him that you need to be slapped.
Yes.
So, I mean, if they did that to Moses, get ready.
Those of you who want to be great.
Now Moses said to the Lord, the Egyptians are here for that protest.
If you destroy them, they will hear about it.
That's 15.
Now, if you shall kill all these people, the nations which are out of the film will say, because the Lord was not able to bring the people
Now I beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be great according as you have spoken.
The Lord is long suffering.
So Moses talked to them, then there's 20.
And the Lord said, I have patented according to thy word.
Thank God for man of God who prayed for you.
But as truly as I live, all the ends have been filled with the glory of the Lord.
Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles, which I didn't Egypt and in the wilderness,
And I've tempted me now these 10 times.
And I've not hacked into my voice.
So God was counting the number of times.
God was counting the number of times they spoke in the wrong way.
Tell your neighbor God has counted the number of times you spoke in the wrong way just for your information.
Do you know how many are surprised to see 10 times within the 10 times?
And I'm surprised.
It's like, hey, God, as of why you are counting things.
Records.
Surely they shall not see the land which I swear to their fathers.
But my seventh killer, because he had another spirit with him, and has followed me fully,
him will I bring into the land where into he went and his seat shall possess it.
Now, the amalek eyes and the canonized world in the land and the Lord said they should go.
Now, your kakasis shall fall in this world on this.
Two million.
And all that were numbered of you according to your whole number.
from 20 years old and upward, which have membered against me.
So from the age of 20, don't say you can't be a Basenta leader because from the age of 20, all the things you do, you know you are doing them.
Even if your father is sweeping you by the age of 20, you see that he's stopped.
Ask your neighbor, excuse me, how old are you?
Tell the truth, how old are you?
You are more than 20.
I tell you, you are responsible, you are responsible.
Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness.
And all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from 20 years old and upward, out of memory,
Doubtless, you shall not come into the land.
But your little ones whom you said shall be a prey.
Then shall enter the steady.
Doubtless, you shall not come into the land, because any which I speak, save Joshua, Caleb, few are chosen.
Two people, Caleb,
the son of Jafuna and Joshua, the son of Nan.
Only two are going to enter.
So this is another example of many are called, few are chosen.
Why am I saying that?
Because there were many, then they became few.
That's all.
So you look for it in the Bible, where were there many, and then where did they become few?
And this is one of the examples.
This is the fourth time I'm telling you this.
And you are all surprised that I'm showing you 12 spies which have become two spies.
How many are surprised that 12 spies have become two spies?
Yes.
Many and they become few.
That's ministry, that's life.
Many already are 20 and above you are dying.
20 and below you are going, spies, 12 will become two.
And so the book of Joshua, from Joshua chapter one, verse one, you hear of Joshua and all these other 10 guys were dead.
It shows that death is something that God knows a lot about, the time that you die.
Yeah.
One of the things I've seen that death is something that is very related to something that is set by God.
You know?
You can't really kill anybody with your prayers.
Those of you who are, pray are killers.
Now, very quickly, number one, few spies were chosen because they called the promised land a bad land.
Only Joshua and Caleb said, it's a good thing.
So because they called a good thing, that God had given them a bad thing.
They said, no, no.
You have to be careful when God gives you something good and you don't call it good.
You are in danger of
being deselected.
Are you with me?
Yeah, like danger of deselection.
Numbers 14 by 7, and they speak to the company of all Israel.
They speak to the company of all Israel, saying, the land which we pass through to set it is the next city in good land.
That's what Caleb said.
It's a good land.
Wow.
It's a good thing.
Amen.
And if the Lord delight in us, then He would bring us into the land and give it to us.
It is a land which floweth with milk and honey.
Now, if they have not said whether they said it openly or they didn't say it openly,
They were saying that it is a very bad idea to go into this land.
In fact, it's a land that eats up the inhabitants.
That is a good thing.
A land that eats up the inhabitants.
Put up that scripture at the end there.
It is a land that eats up
The inhabitants, yes.
There's 32.
And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had set.
All right?
Saying the land which we have gone to set.
It is a land that eateth of the inhabitants.
You can't say that you've said it's a good thing.
Amen.
So this is one of the first things.
If you are in a good church, don't say it's a bad church.
You say it eats up the inhabitants.
You know, the comments you make, the words you say, I think in this message,
Perhaps the greatest thing that you are going to see, right, is how your words are what are going to destroy you if you'll be destroyed.
Amen.
So you better watch out what you say.
You tell, you say that the land is eating up its inhabitants.
and you'll be shocked.
That will be the end of you.
Now, what you say is what is bringing you down or up.
If you say negative things about a good thing,
You destroy your life.
Now, some people grow up in an environment where you are just used to saying bad things.
And especially people who work for the government, they can criticize.
And in fact, many companies, it's always something bad.
Bad.
You know, I was even thinking that if
We were to say good things about Ghana.
Ghana would probably be become great.
But you don't really hear people say good things about Ghana.
I mean, Ghanaians.
How many agree with what I'm saying?
We have more.
But actually, we are one of the best countries in the whole of Africa.
Yes.
more developed, more advanced, more democratic.
I mean, we all know that this next election, there can be a change of government.
Yes.
We all know, isn't it true?
Because we are so democratic, and maybe 5,000 votes can change the government.
Is it not true?
I mean, how many African countries can vote?
and you be sure, can you grab your gun?
Go into war.
You can't even compare.
So, maybe when you say something good, I've met many Christian wives and told them, say something, your husband is a good husband.
It's an initial.
Are you sure?
You don't know him, that's why you are saying what you are saying.
It's only good in church.
You see, I'm getting filler from the congregation.
Amazing.
You are saying that it is something that eats you up.
And Caleb is saying it is a good land.
Wow.
Two different ways of seeing the same thing.
When you fill, can I have a glass?
Is there a glass or a bottle that you can see through?
Yeah, that would be beautiful.
Ah-ha, that's one.
Fill it with half.
And you have just half a bottle.
Fill this one is better, yes.
Okay, no.
Yeah, okay.
Cover.
What is this?
Half.
Half what?
Somebody says half empty.
Somebody says half full.
Same thing.
Somebody says that thing is almost empty.
And somebody says that it's almost full.
We're almost there.
Half empty, half full.
We are almost there.
We are almost going to have a good thing.
I mean, a perfect thing.
And one season, it's almost nothing.
You watch, it's almost nothing.
So, you must be in English, they say optimistic.
On a platform, you understand the platform I'm trying to do.
It's like, you must see things in a positive eye.
You get what I'm saying?
How do you say optimistic in qi or gan?
In qi?
Optimistic?
Or in gan?
Ah?
Nobody's giving me the... Mr. President.
Check your conditionary, please.
Optimistic.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
From today, start to call what God calls good.
Start to call it a good thing.
Amen.
Matthew 12, 37, for by thy weds thou shalt be justified and by thy weds thou shalt be condemned.
Your weds, you know, with God, it's not even actions.
You don't need to get to the point of actions with God.
You know, in court, they look at what you've done, not what you said.
Actions speak louder than words.
True.
But with God, I tell you what you said counts a lot when it comes to God.
Just the fact that you said it.
Just the fact that you called my promised land and longed up its people up.
That statement that you made.
is enough to kill you.
It's enough to kill 2 million people.
It's enough to change your destiny.
I remember when we got married, at the very beginning, my wife was talking, we were talking about something, and then I don't know what came up.
I don't remember what I said, she said something, but I said, you know, don't say anything bad about this.
the church or what we are doing.
It's a blessing to be in the ministry.
That's all.
I'm not saying that she said anything bad, but I just made that mark.
Don't say, the few people that we have, there's nobody in the church, there's nothing, there's whatever, just it's a blessing.
One day I was in a lift with Bishop Joel, we were in Panama in that South America.
You be there, you be there soon.
Not you'll be there.
You'll be there soon.
The prophecy you believe is the one that's going to happen.
And when we got in the left door closed and he was standing here and I was standing there and I was going to preach.
I was holding my Bible or whatever.
And I said, we are blessed.
Then he looked at me and he said, you know, maybe because you keep on saying we are blessed.
Maybe that's why we are blessed.
And if you are with me, you often hear me say we are blessed.
We are blessed, we are blessed.
But this is, I don't say too much, you are blessed because I don't want to bless devils.
Let's do prosper.
Be careful who you blessed.
It becomes stronger.
Keep on saying it's a good thing.
If you are with your husband in a room,
Where you are sweating, eh?
You are wet in the night, you sleep, you see that as if you've been batting.
All you have to say is that, thank God we are like Adam and Eve, we don't need to wear clothes.
This is what people are praying for, they are marriages to be like Adam and Eve.
And God has even given to a natural one.
I'm going to show you something.
And I want you to write it and make a note.
There are some people who always speak badly.
When you encounter the person taking note, there are people like that.
They always have some comment that is sarcastic, negative, wicked, evil, bad, pessimistic, bad, negative.
Watch those people.
And be careful.
Don't let that person poison you.
Yes.
And if you don't know anybody like that, then you are not aware of this problem.
You must know somebody like that.
Because they are so common.
And when I say common, like they have that problem.
I don't mean it's something like everybody else.
There are some people who have all the time.
There's always something, they'll make a comment.
Look at it.
And you see, watch out.
OK.
And if you marry such a person, nothing will be nice.
I tell you, you do everything.
Nothing will make you, nothing will make anybody happy.
You never be happy.
You can have the best in the world who, for by thy weds, you shall be justified.
And by your weds, you be condemned.
Number two, few spies are chosen because
Most people are given to complaining.
Most people are into complaining and criticizing.
Amen?
They are negative.
So complaining, Philippians 2, 14, do all things without memory.
and complaining.
Watch out those who mimic and complain against, especially against authorities.
Amen.
Complaining, memory, talking.
Now what is memory?
Memory is speaking undertone.
Now if I come to you and you don't want me to hear what you are saying, you are memory.
What did you say?
A by A, A by A.
I mean, they are coming.
What were you saying?
Watch whispers.
You see?
You don't have to hear what somebody's saying.
The fact that everybody keeps quiet when you come there, it shows that whatever they are saying is such a good thing.
How many have had that experience before?
They kept quiet when you came there.
Hey!
That's why you, you know, and you say, eh, but isn't that serious?
Isn't whatever everybody's doing it?
That's why you not go to the promised land.
Yes?
They complain and they mimic.
They say, no, we want to go back to Egypt.
Well, there are no grapes in Egypt.
Well, there were symmetries, at least we would have been buried in symmetries.
We would have had our names written on our grapes.
We would have been arranged in order.
Now we are just going to be throwing in the wilderness for voters to eat us.
We have salad.
We have fish from the river now.
Now we have only this.
And you're always speaking and finding something negative and wrong to complain about.
As we are in this church, it's hot to me.
Whether it's hot or not, we used to not have a roof of our head.
Yes, we used to not have a roof of our head.
And the reason why we have such big doors is so that you can go away when you don't want to be here.
You don't have to stay here.
We have so many touches.
We have so many options.
You don't have to stay if you don't want to stay here.
There's nobody who is being forced to be here.
So, complaining.
Why is this?
Why is that doing this?
Why is he saying this?
Why is it doing this?
Why is this?
Why is that?
You've got to be careful.
You know, when it comes to the world, you'll be judged by your actions, but in the house of God, you'll be judged by your weds.
Your words, long before you act, God sees your heart and your web, your words are the evidence of what is in your heart.
Matthew 12, 34.
Let's look up as 34.
All generation of vipers.
How can you be evil?
Speak good things.
In other words, I know you're evil by your words.
The words you are speaking, show me how evil you are.
And that's what God is saying.
I mean, this is Jesus Christ's words.
The words you speak, show how evil you are, as far as Christianity is concerned.
If you speak a word against whatever, it shows who you are.
That's why you have to let to shut up and not to talk, especially about pastors and about the church.
Try for your own life's sake, as you don't meddle with things you shouldn't meddle with.
You see people criticizing every new thing that comes up.
Criticize this, criticize that, criticize that.
criticize the Catholic Church, criticize that.
Have you been a chair that has lasted for 2,000 years?
But the Catholic Church has been there for almost 2,000 years.
Have you seen a human institution which is still standing after 1,000 years?
A human institution that is worldwide, worldwide, worldwide institution that does involve gatanga are controlled from room.
The tech instruction is the same organization, they have the same uniform and the same training.
That is still in existence and is still waking up till today.
You shut your big mouth.
Have you organized anything before?
An organization that has senior clergy and bishops in towns like KGB and Jessica in Ghana, Nando.
Nando's a bishop there, Nando.
They have a cathedral in Nando.
As you are here talking about things you don't understand.
From Rome to Nandam is under control.
They are priests don't marry.
Try it and see for three years.
Try it for three years and let me see what you are made of.
The Bible says all of them grows up.
Listen, this is I've never seen a person who does well who criticizes and talks a bad mouth all the time.
I've not seen it.
I mean, I am over 50 years old.
I've been in the ministry for over 30 years, 30 something years.
I've never seen anybody who does well, even a pastor who does well, who talks about people bad and other churches.
And I've not seen it before.
I've not seen anybody do, even in my life, I've not seen, but flourish, who talks in it anyway.
Eventually, what you say will be found out, and nobody will trust you.
Yes, nobody will trust you.
That's why the Bible says that, don't catch the king, a sparrow will fly and tell him.
When he hears, he'll be shocked.
Are you listening?
So Len, if you want to be one of the 12 that become two, then that's it.
This is it.
It's the way you speak.
That's it was the way they spoke.
They didn't do anything.
They didn't communicate.
They didn't kill anybody.
It was just that event, that speech, that moment.
That's what eliminated them.
Number three, few are chosen because they are afraid of giants.
They said, the children of Anak are there.
Amen.
The land we are going to set is a land that we saw that they are of great stature.
And we saw the giants, the children of Anak were there.
It was 28, 29, and they were giants.
Look at that.
Now, there will,
you must not fear giants.
As for giants, we still have giants.
In Ghana, we have financial giants.
If I send you to the ministry, who are those?
Can I have some guys from Mozambique to stand up?
Mozambique, stand up.
If you are from Mozambique, stand up.
I see some people from Mozambique here, here, here, all over here.
Super over there.
Yeah.
That's giants in your country.
There's giants in Ghana.
There's giants everywhere.
Giant is like, it's bigger than me.
Yes?
Ministry giants.
When I came into the ministry, ministry giant, I'm going to show you soon a film.
You'll be interested to watch it when you see, when we started the church.
When you see the film, you'll be amazed that it is this church.
Yeah.
This just started in very humble and unbelievably humble situations.
Why are you laughing?
Have I said something funny?
Unbelievably humble, very humble.
When you see it, you say, hey, can this be the beginning of the church?
I tell you, you wouldn't believe it.
It's amazing.
You start and then you just don't know how would you eat?
That's a diet.
How would you live?
How would you make it?
That's a diet.
When I wrote a book, how will my book be in this world?
Ever.
A book written by a Ghanaian.
How?
You tell me how.
Wow.
And we are going to be just about to launch.
We are going to launch our audio books in this service.
Just hold on, it's coming up in a few minutes.
I've almost finished preaching.
Yes.
What about war?
What about warbs?
Sedamos and Bicans.
Anybody here from Liberia?
No, not our visitors.
Any other Liberia.
Jolene and Co. Yeah!
Liberia!
There's a big change in Liberia!
Sit down.
Anybody from Sierra Leone?
Anybody from Nigeria, the giant of Africa?
Ah!
There is a giant in Nigeria.
Hey!
Every country has giants.
If you are going to use the giants as the reason why you are not going to go forward, you are finished.
Yes, you're finished.
I wrote my book, my little book.
And today, over 30 million copies of those books are in circulation.
In spite of the jive, every place I went and I presented my book, I remember the funniest one was in a book shop in London, CLC Bookshop.
When I went, I said these are my books, I wonder.
The man said, he looked at them, he said, we don't have space in our shelves.
He said, do you know Sierra Leone?
I said, I know Sierra Leone.
He said, oh, there's a wall there.
You can send your books there to be happy to have your pamphlets.
I said, thank you.
And I took my book and I went.
That's all.
Nobody's interested in you.
Nobody.
Nobody starts out without having huge obstacles which you can't overcome.
And in those days, fighting was by size.
So if I come and you are small like this, at least by my height alone, I just, you know, that's why Goliath was so powerful.
He was like, Charlie, nobody can fight this guy.
As soon as you go the way he does his foot like this, he'll clear you.
I prophesied against every giant, family giant, financial giant, wicked giant in your life.
You have overcome it in Jesus' life.
Now let me tell you something about your giant.
Do you know that there are no giants now?
Because giants also, they have a disadvantage.
You see, they are slow.
So if you are fast, you can overcome giants.
Yes.
So receive wisdom.
You run around your giant in a way.
And before you realize, you pull the giant leg from the back.
You take a hammer and you nail the giant from the back.
He's too slow to tear around like this.
By the time he turns around, you are gone.
Receive speech in Jesus' name.
Number four.
Few spies are chosen because
They made people to 10 against their leader.
They said, we want to have another captain.
Amen.
We want to have another captain.
Now, watch out in speaking against God's seventh.
Matthew 12, verse 32.
Matthew 12, 32.
Are you with me?
Are you watching?
No, I'm saying this because nobody can, you can't, if I'm anointed, the anointed on me may rather kill you and destroy you when you don't know how to relate with it.
Yes.
Look at number 13, verse one.
Look, forget about this one, we come back.
Number 13, verse one.
It's number 13, 12, 12.
12-1, yes.
And Miriam and Aaron speak against Moses.
They spoke about him.
And they didn't just speak neutral.
What they were saying was against him.
Yes.
So watch out in speaking.
Look at it.
And what happened?
Because of the Ethiopian one.
Maybe it's true.
What you were saying?
For he admired on Ethiopian one.
That's true.
And they said, has the Lord only spoken by us?
Is he the only one?
I think not also spoken, but we are all anointed.
And the Lord had it.
And the Lord did what?
Had it.
This is the laws that are recorded.
Now the man Moses was very meek, verse four.
And the Lord speaks suddenly unto Moses and says, come to the tabernacle.
And the three came out.
Verse five.
And the Lord came down and called Aaron and they both came forth.
And he said, now hear my words.
If there is a prophet, I make myself known in a vision.
Verse seven, quickly.
And my seven is not so.
Verse eight.
Him, I will speak face to face.
Be aware for them.
Where for them were you not afraid?
Everybody say, I am afraid.
Say it again.
I am afraid to speak against God's servants.
Yes.
Just learn it for your life.
If it is, you don't have to be in this church.
Shut your mouth.
Since my Ethiopia is so, and so on, shut up.
What happened to her?
You are not afraid, verse nine.
And the anger of the Lord was kindled.
So God will be angry with you.
Now you don't have to believe all these.
You don't have to believe it.
Just live.
You see it come to pass.
Yes.
I can tell you seven stories.
Seven, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Each story will frighten you because each story ends in death.
Yes.
I never knew that I would have such stories.
I never knew that I would have such stories to tell.
I used to hear Kenneth Higgins saying these things.
He says, well, you know that food.
And the anger of the Lord was on them.
That's 10.
Now, of the tabernacle.
Now, Miriam became
White.
And Aaron looked on hair.
This is a very interesting thing.
This is one of the reasons which encourages people to speak.
Because nothing happened to Aaron, but something happened to Miriam.
Meanwhile, both of them spoke against Moses.
Look at it.
Aaron looked and said, ah!
La Procy was the old cancer.
incurable disease.
So, Aaron looked and said, hey!
Excuse me, please.
Go back, go back, Miriam.
That's 11.
And Aaron said, I beseech you.
Land not the sin upon us.
Well, if we have done foolishly.
Meanwhile, he was okay.
He was normal.
That's 12.
Land not be as wondered.
So, the point I want to make is that you got to be careful
Because two of you may speak, but one of you will pay the price.
And maybe Aaron's judgment to be later.
I mean, I don't know what he have.
Remember when Aaron made the golden calf, all the people were killed, but he was still there.
So you have to be careful when you back the wrong hustle.
Because you've chosen somebody who is somewhere, you are following the person, and that person keeps on not dying.
Aaron's are dangerous.
He's maybe praying some secret prayers and he's some special agent of God.
I don't know.
But Aaron is the one who made the body cup.
He didn't die.
He's the one who criticized Moses with a mirror.
He was moving fully, calling.
And he was the right amount of Moses.
So you may think, ah, since Aaron is saying it, I also say something.
Ah, Miriam, you should have kept quiet when everyone was talking.
Don't you thought you'd agree?
She should have been quiet.
It's one of the mysteries.
Look at Matthew 1232.
Matthew 1232.
Are you watching?
Now, I want you to underline this way.
Who saw, underlined this word, speak a word against.
I like that phrase, speaking against, speaking against is something that God notes, speaking against.
And God hears it, God hears it.
So look at it.
Who saw that underlined it, speak a word against the Son of Man.
Then he shall be forgiven.
Who saw that speak against the Holy Ghost?
It's not before game.
So speaking against is a very dangerous practice.
Speaking against.
Yes.
It is the reason why if God has called me and God has not, in spite of all my mistakes, he's still using me or has used me.
You should be careful.
Because I say he used you.
You not want him to use you.
Maybe my mistakes are up to, let's say, seven points.
But maybe he was about 47.
And we are criticizing my seven.
Before you realize, they will not even get three drops of anointing.
So be careful.
Amen.
Have you heard of Regina?
Yes, one day Regina said he came into a room and he saw a man of God who had a very bad marriage.
You know, when your marriage is bad, after a point it comes out.
You can cook it for a long time, but at the point it boils.
It's like boiling rice at the point it sort of comes out.
Are you there or are you living?
Yeah.
So Regina said he saw a pastor who had a bad marriage and
the Lord said to him, this man has done better with marriage than you.
Even though his marriage was okay, he said that he has done more with his bad marriage than you with your good marriage.
He has done better with his bad situation than you with your good situation because some people have IMCs.
Do you know what is an IMC?
Ill married couples.
Some people, when they married, they just married the wrong person.
And sometimes you can't tell because she was too good to even believe that there's something bad or he was too good, whatever.
Choose one.
He has done better.
So as you are criticizing, and look at him, he's done this.
He has loved his wife.
Shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo.
That day you get a percentage of that one you will see.
So notice those words, speaking against, speaking against.
It says, it shall be forgiven.
That means it's a crime.
That means it's a sin.
Yeah, if you have to be forgiven, it means it's a crime, it's a sin.
speaking against is a sin that needs forgiveness.
But when it's against the Holy Ghost, it will never be forgiven.
That's the anointing.
You are speaking against the anointing.
The anointing that is anointing.
So this is why people don't go far.
And you know, how many points do you have?
Five, please, we need to end.
We continue.
Number five, few spies are chosen because they have a different spirit.
Numbers 14, verse 24.
Hmm.
But my seven killer, because he had another spirit in him and has followed me fully,
So few are chosen because they don't follow fully and they have another spirit.
Him will I bring into the land.
Amen.
Now listen, when Satan tempted Eve, right?
Some people even believe that he had, he planted a seed in hair that gave Beth to something you see.
a type of human being.
And in a sense, it is true.
Because Seta has put a seed into the woman.
And where is a seed?
And it has produced evil people.
That's us.
Who do you teach to tell a lie, to criticize, to mamma, to is the most natural thing?
You see, my preaching now is very strong against disloyalty.
Because that is how we are.
If you don't preach in that way, you will be shocked up to the level of Aaron and Miriam who will be speaking against Moses.
Yes.
The whole congregation will be off out well with criticism.
Now, churches you can't, you sit at the back, you hear the people gossiping, talking, making comments, saying negative things as the person is even preaching.
How many are being in church ahead?
People saying negative things before.
Raise your hand up high.
And if you are sitting by somebody who is talking like that, you should tell the person, will you?
Get out of this church.
Immediately.
What are you doing here?
What are you doing around?
You are destroying yourself.
You should be in another church.
Why would you have the chance to speak?
That's why our church has options.
That's why I didn't do this first love church at the Kodesh.
I left them as they are, and I've come here.
You don't want them, you don't come here.
You go there, you go everywhere you want.
Don't destroy your life.
By speaking against, it is called a crime.
He said, if you speak against, this can you come before giving?
You speak against the Son of God, you can be forgiven.
I thought I'd forgive you, you can be forgiven.
But I'm saying that it is a sin.
Jesus said you'll be forgiven.
He said, and if you speak against the Holy Spirit, that's why no forgiveness.
And that's when he went on to say, buy your wets.
You are justified.
Buy your wets, you become them.
The things you said that finished you.
You know, I watch a film where it goes there.
If you are interested, you can watch it.
At the end of the film, he told the spy, he said, look, you are finished.
The man was trying to say, no, you are finished.
You are finished.
And the man realized that it was over.
And he said, do I have an option?
He said, you have an option.
And he gave in, she opened the door of the plane and jumped out.
He said, yeah, you have an option.
Otherwise we go, we go for trial.
He told me you are finished.
It's over.
You are finished.
When you open your mouth to speak of our things, you don't understand, especially if I'm your father.
You know the things I've done to make things good for you.
You know what I do?
Do you know what I've been through?
What I've been to to stand here and to preach to you time after time.
And to control the church and to lead the church with a hand like this for years.
And you open your mouth to smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh, smh,
Don't let anything finish you.
You are telling the whole congregation against the Alida.
With your speaking, the Bible says this, let us meet another leader.
How can you ever be anointed?
I'm standing right in front of you, preaching to you.
You can't open your heart and receive.
Instead, you'll be sitting the same things.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
There is a place you get to, you are finished, across a certain line.
It's over.
By your wets, you be justified.
By your wets, you are called them.
Me, I love God.
I want to be with God all the time.
I like change.
I want to stay in change.
I want to praise God.
I want to pray.
I'm not interested in 30 minutes, something, something.
I don't need all those things.
I have churches all over the world.
I don't need to work again till I die.
You don't want it.
You don't come here.
You don't like it.
You don't be around.
I beg you.
No, I want to stay in change.
I like church.
I like God.
I like all these things I'm doing.
Ah, please, please, please.
I don't need your money.
I don't need anything that you have.
This is what I want.
You don't want it, don't come here.
Don't stay here at all.
Don't sit in here, criticize.
Don't talk about our ways and our things.
Unless you turn into a chap of the wind and you are blown away.
You have people who don't love God who are trying to tell the church how the church should be.
what time we should start, what time we should grow, what we should do, what we should sing, what we should pray, how fast, how slow, how whatever.
I've seen so many pastors who love God, but they are controlled by the congregation.
I would like to stay in the house of God and pray.
My house would be called the house of prayer.
That's what the Bible says.
And that's what I like and that's what I want.
One day, I spoke to a sister.
I called her to my room.
Those days, my room was my office.
I counseled her, and I said, let us pray.
And I prayed, Father, Jesus, and Father.
Then, and even now, the Holy Spirit has been turned.
Don't close your eyes when you are praying.
So as I prayed, I opened the right eye.
And I noticed that she was not closing her eyes, and she was not praying.
When I finished, I asked her, do you believe in the present?
She said, no.
And I asked her, leave this church.
This was in Collebou.
I said, leave.
And I told her options.
I will not tell the option, but I told her, I saw this church here on the high street, there's this church, there's a book.
Don't come here again.
And she said, thank you.
The more you stay with me when you don't believe with me, and you say this, the more it reminds me, too much data of being this one.
That's why I don't listen to certain pictures, even on the television.
I don't want to hear and to be provoked to say, oh, this man is going to tell her, oh, this man is not preaching the right message or this and that and that.
No, go, go, go, go.
Few spies have chosen number six because they stand up people.
Now, but it's about to say that Joshua and Caleb have a different spirit.
What spirit do you have?
Ephesians 2-2 talks about the spirit of disobedience.
A seed that makes you always complain, mamma, disobedient child.
Your father doesn't flow with you.
You don't know the danger you are in, unless your father and mother that it may be well with you.
Your father said, don't do this, you do.
What happens to your future?
You're finished.
Well, what happened?
Why it goes there?
At the end, he told me, he said, look, the man was told, I said, hey, you are finished.
It's over.
You are finished.
Stop that job.
Stop talking.
You're finished.
Caleb and Joshua, they had another spirit.
They followed.
When you said to this, they do it.
You don't have to come and give some adjustment to what the instructions you gave them.
When you say two days, you do.
Some people, you have to have three meetings with them.
And it's time trying to explain the same thing that you have a vision for that you want them to do, do not do it.
Mike Maddox said, if you have to have a meeting twice or somebody, you should set the person.
Now I've decided to withdraw all missionaries who don't obey.
As soon as you shot the smallest sign, you're out.
And we join them, and we join them like how you withdraw, what do you call, you call Gary out of your, what is he called, the big one?
The one?
Oh, no, yes.
I'm pouring the out of the mission, if you're out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out.
You don't follow, you don't follow, you come back, come back, come back home.
You are wasting our time.
Come back home, come back home, come back home, come back home, come back home.
You don't fall, look at it.
He said, not that's 24.
He said, that's not me fully.
That's why people don't do well.
Look, I will tell you, I wish I would find that experiment in my films.
They showed a monkey and a boy, the same age, I think two years or three years old each.
chimpanzee and a human being, three years.
They put them in a glass cage, glass cage, same thing with the same experiment.
They showed a ball, put it here, put it here, put it here, and the human did it, and the monkey also did it.
But the monkey left out some of the steps.
When the monkey saw that, if you put the ball here, it comes quickly to the last point.
The human child, he followed one, two, three, four, five, and it came back.
But the monkey, as soon as he saw,
If you put it here, it comes here and it releases the food.
He just used the shortcut and then it came.
That's the difference between the monkey and the human being.
The human followed fully and the monkey, sure.
If you don't have roads in your country and are going to do certain things, you are not really following people.
There are people who develop roads before they did certain high-falutin things.
Yes, you are following, follow well and follow fully.
Are you there?
Tell somebody, I hope you are listening to this one today, dear Charlie, it is you.
Don't think of it.
Tell the person, don't think of anybody.
You think of somebody who is full.
How many points do I have I given you, please?
Six.
Really?
Okay.
Number seven, few spies are chosen because they stand up the people to speak against Moses.
They stand up the people.
They organize people.
You know why?
Because you see, when you are somewhere, you don't want to be somewhere.
You want to find somebody.
You need a WhatsApp group, you need a group, you need some, at least the two of you, you're the two of you to be standing there and talking on three or four.
You can't just have the somewhere thoughts in your head alone.
So instead of the whole congregation, everybody was against Moses.
One day I belong to a group.
They made me the leader.
The one that I came to a meeting, I didn't hear anything bad.
But when I came here where they were, they stopped talking.
And I immediately knew they were talking about me.
I resigned from that group the next week.
I said, I'll not be your leader.
Lead yourself.
I get everything back to them.
I said, me, I should lead people who are talking about me.
No.
Then you don't know me.
I finished.
I hope that I'm going to watch that.
There's my connection to take you a long time to get to the end.
At the end, you see.
I said, me, I should leave you.
Well, I can't let you stop.
You are smiling.
I get them all the things.
I said, me, I should leave you.
I only do you again.
I only do you.
Excuse me.
Excuse me from your presence.
And if you started to have bad thoughts, God said what?
Excuse me.
God said what?
That's the greatest punishment.
Excuse me.
How about giving you seven points?
What's point number one?
Look, I'm a man with points.
I have 120 points.
I'm giving you only seven.
What's point number one?
They called what was good bad.
Have you ever had a crusade?
How would you call Benny him bad?
Have you had it in just a crusade once?
Never call something that is good bad.
When God said he's a good land,
you say it eats up people.
Number two, few spice are chosen because people are naturally given to complaining.
How many have complained before?
If you don't raise your hand, you are given to lies as well as complaining.
One day, I attended a chat service, and it was time for officer, they took the offering.
Then at the end of the service, the pastor decided to take a second offering, and I was sitting in the congregation.
When he took the offering, I tend to assist her who was sitting by me.
She's a female, if I mention her name, you know her, because she's a singer.
And I said, what is the use of taking another offering now?
When she looked at me, this kind of face that, when she looked at me, I felt there's something wrong.
There's something wrong.
And my hat, I felt bad.
So when the offering play came, I gave off and I sat there in my confusion.
Now, after the service, I felt terrible.
And I felt, I must go and apologize to this man of God.
Who didn't know what I had said?
So, you know how after chess, sometimes so many people won't see that pasta.
That day, so many people wanted to see him.
Just like fast left chess.
In those days, I was a member of the congregation and there was a pasta.
So I waited.
He said, I'll see you.
So I waited, I waited, and waited, and waited, and waited, and waited.
Because I was determined to confess my sins.
Finally, it was my turn.
And then there were people standing around.
I said, please, if I can speak to you outside.
So he said, what is it?
What is it?
So he came.
He's quite tall.
So he came and put his hands out.
I said, I just wanted to tell you that when you said you want to take a second offering,
I spoke against you.
And I want you to forgive me.
He was so surprised.
He said, because people who speak against you, they never confess.
They want you to come up with a recording.
I screenshot.
He was shocked.
He just stood up.
He said, why?
I said, yes.
Then he put his hand on me.
like this.
I will never forget.
At Richard, we were at Richard.
It wasn't Richard, it was another, just at Richard.
I remember outside the door of the old church.
He put his hand on me.
He said, God is going to use you.
I was maybe 19 years old.
Yeah.
Few are chosen because few get out of this is a seat of the seppen.
You see, I feel I chosen.
Few do what I did.
Come and say, I want to tell you, I said this.
Few.
Because they know that you can never know.
If they don't know, why do you tell them?
He would never have known.
Few are chosen.
Twelve, they became two.
Two million, I don't know how many youth they were.
Points number three.
Few spies are chosen because they are afraid of giants.
But today, the giant boughs before you.
Number four.
Few are chosen.
Are you ready to do the same?
Okay, I won't mind you again.
Number four.
Yes, make people turn again.
Let's have another leader.
One day I was with my pastor, so I told him, if I stand for elections in Lighthouse, I'm not sure whether I will win.
Yes?
I'm not a child.
In Lighthouse.
Maybe I will win.
First of all, I think I will win the election.
If anybody will stand against me.
How do I know that?
Because I've organized elections before.
Not for me, but I put people up one time.
I did as an exercise to see who people would choose.
They didn't choose who I choose.
That's when I saw that voting is a very bad thing.
Very bad.
They didn't choose the right person.
I said, hey, is that what voting would do to the church?
That's why we don't have voting.
Yes.
The voting we have is this inconsequential.
I'm leading like Moses was leading.
Number five.
Because they have a different spirit.
Yes.
How many have a good spirit?
Beautiful.
Number six.
No, that's not a point.
Huh?
Instead of the people against their leader, I'll give you the points later, don't worry.
Number seven, fuel.
You got the wrong points, but it's late, so.
Number seven, fuel spikes are chosen.
Ah, okay.
I'm a seed.
But I believe that we are blessed.
Let the seed of the second, which makes you rebellious, die in you now in Jesus' name.
Let it do what, die.
How many relatives as soon as you grew up, you were rebellious against your father and your mother and everybody, isn't it true?
Yes.
Let that seed die.
Stand up to your feet, everybody.
Lift your hands and thank God for the end of the seed of the serpent
in your soul, the seed of I am complaining, resisting, criticizing, speaking against, calling a good thing a bad thing, angry with the leader.
That spirit is broken.
Correction will not destroy you.
Rebukes will not destroy you.
a new spirit is given to you.
Release the spirit of rebellion and wickedness from your soul and your life.
Father, I thank you for your deliverance of your people today.
Thank you for touching our lives.
To stop forever and ever speaking against whoever you have put in our lives as fathers, as mothers,
as pastors, as teachers, as apostles, as whatever.
Thank you.
In Jesus' name.
Put your hand on your heart and receive a new spirit as Joshua and Gileb, had a good spirit.
May you have a good spirit and beautiful together.
Let every critical spirit and remembering spirit go out of you right now and receive a good flow, a good attitude.
in the name of Jesus.
Ka'amah, shotah, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
Thanks, Father, for this blessing we have today in Jesus' name.
And everyone said, amen.
As every head is bowed and every eye close, as we close this service, if you are here and you want to give your life to Jesus, maybe somebody invited you, but you want to be born again, pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to God.
If you are here like that, wherever you are, you want to give your life to Jesus Christ,
Pastor, help me to know God.
Then lift your hand like this quickly.
Just your right hand like this.
And let me pray with you.
God bless you.
Now, if you've lifted your hand, you want to give your life to God today.
Come to me in the front here.
I'm going to pray with you right now.
Quickly.
Come, come, come, come.
God bless you.
Come this way.
Come from the back.
Come from the side.
Come from wherever you are.
Come all the way.
God bless you.
All right.
Let us pray.
Say this prayer with me.
Lift your hands up and say, everyone join me.
Say, Lord Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I give my heart to you.
Have mercy on me.
Today, I open my heart and receive Jesus.
Wash me.
with the blood of Jesus, cleanse me with the blood of Jesus.
Have mercy on me.
Make me a new person.
Thank you, Jesus, for saving me.
Lift your hand like this.
Say, Satan, from today, I will not save you again.
I will not follow you again.
Satan, I find you in the name of Jesus.
I belong to God.
And I'm saving God from this moment in Jesus' name.
Lift your two hands and say, thank you, Jesus.
I love you, Jesus.
I praise you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Now, I want to give you one of my books.
It's called How to Be Born Again and Avoid Hell.
It is my gift to you.
And as soon as we close, come this way.
You see over here, are you watching?
Hello?
This way.
Salvation corner.
As soon as we close everybody who is holding this book, come to this corner.
And we are going to talk with you and pray with you before you go.
Okay.
God bless you.
Clap your hand.
This is a great day.
You may be seated.
It's time for Holy, Holy Communion.
Power of God is here.
Salvation miracles.
The blessing of the Lord is flowing in this place.
Today this is my body.
which was broken for you.
Drake, this is my blood, which will shed for you.
Where I eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life.
For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood
Hallelujah.
Listen, Exodus 12, verse 12.
Through this blood today, all demons in your life are going to be judged.
Now, look at it.
It says, I will pass through this night.
This is the night of the Passover blood.
And I will smite who?
All the first born in the land of Egypt.
So judgment on your enemies.
both man and beast through the blood, the blood.
And against what?
All the gods of Egypt.
So the demon powers that are against you will be judged and dealt with.
This is the last time the gods of Egypt, the gods of Egypt, the demons in the world.
They are going to be judged.
by the blood and the path of our power in the name of Jesus.
Stand to your feet.
Father, thank you for this bread.
We receive the bread.
We thank you.
The body of the Lamb.
Us, this Lamb, comes into our lives.
Let the gods of Egypt experience the judgments, the devils, the demon powers, the hearts of wickedness that are against us.
Let this be the end of them in our lives, the body of Jesus Christ.
When I see the blood, I would judge the enemy, but I'll leave you.
Let this blood secure your release from Egypt today.
I declare your release.
Every blessing that is in the blood, receive it now.
In the name of Jesus Christ, the blood of Jesus Christ.
lift your hands for your blessing.
Define escapes.
I said, Define escapes.
Escape from the enemy.
From wickedness that is against you.
Escape from demon powers.
Escape from dragons.
Escape from lions.
Escape from seconds.
Escape from unclean beds.
Escape from wicked frogs.
In the spirit world.
In the name of Jesus.
Every beast that is following you, following you, following you, hunting you, hunting you.
I declare the honor of the Lord passes through the heart of that beast.
You are declared a divine escapee.
from the wicks of darkness and the wicks of wickedness.
In the name of Jesus, made the power of the blood of the Lord.
I see the blood of the living, resting over everybody here.
You are protected from bad news, from calamities, from wickedness.
When I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass over you.
Let this be your portion.
Any death that is targeting you, that has planned for you this week.
Before the end of this year, I canceled that appointment with death in the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
I rescue you from the plague of poverty and difficulty by the blood of the Lamb.
I command and declare your release from wickedness.
Any leopard that is hunting you, any lion that is following you, I say I block it now in the name of Jesus.
By the blood of the lion, you are set free.
The blood of the lion.
Let me hear your longest amen.
Say I received the blood of the lion.
I received the blood of the lion.
Any evil man, any evil woman, any plan to help you, to rob you, to steal, to kill, to destroy.
I can't stop flying today in the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest say, Mary.
Every bad news from a far country, I plot that bad news, it cannot come.
Lift up your phone, lift your phone up, lift your phone up.
I declare your phone shall receive good news.
Good texts, good WhatsApp's, good messages, good phone calls, receiving the name of Jesus.
All forms of evil tidings, evil tidings, bad news, frightening news, news that will shake you, masikata, balokata, bilababa, and wage war against that news.
I winch war against that news.
In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, go back, say it and go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, I broke you in the mighty name of Jesus.
Come and shout your bala, my sambala.
Now, receive good news on your phone.
Say I receive it.
Receive good news on your phone.
Good phone calls.
Mama money, receive blessing from God.
In the name of Jesus, I declare you are covered by God.
Say amen.
Show your loudest amen.
I see a lifting up.
Before 31st December, I see you going one step above where you are.
Show amen somebody.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Whatever says be down, I say to you, be up.
Whatever says be down, I say be up, I say be up, I say be up.
In the name of Jesus, I fight for you in the Spirit.
I condemn against all the companions against you.
I crush them by the name of Jesus, by the blood of the Lamb of God.
Be healed and be delivered.
Be blessed, be rescued.
Recieved divine escapes.
Let me tell you how long as I receive it.
And Jesus, man.
God bless you, baby, see you.